Update outline (#13)
d3b-center/OpenPedCan-methods: CONTRIBUTING.md

> # Contribution guidelines for the OpenPBTA-manuscript

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Contribution guidelines for the OpenPedCan-methods
```

Please see [`USAGE.md`](USAGE.md) for information on how to use the Manubot for writing the manuscript.

> Below you'll find information on the contribution workflow for the OpenPBTA manuscript.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below you'll find information on the contribution workflow for the OpenPedCan methods.
```

Author: oh jeez, i had updated this in the wrong repo, stand by!

## Issues

> We use issues for discussion of papers, section outlines, and other structural components of the paper.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We use issues for discussion of methods, section outlines, and other structural components of the OpenPedCan methods.
```

## Pull requests

Contributions to the analysis repository operate on a pull request model.
We expect participants to actively review pull requests, with a particular focus on pull requests that include analyses within their areas of expertise.

## Authorship

> The ultimate goal of this is effort is to describe the results from [OpenPBTA-analysis](https://github.com/AlexsLemonade/OpenPBTA-analysis) in this manuscript.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ultimate goal of this effort is to describe the methods from [OpenPedCan-analysis](https://github.com/PediatricOpenTargets/OpenPedCan-analysis).
```
